docs: clarify edge deployment lifecycle and provide airgap summary (#3072)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/site-deployment/virtual-deployment/virtual-deployment.md

---
sidebar_label: "Deploy Edge Hosts as Virtual Machines"
title: "Deploy Edge Hosts as Virtual Machines"
description: "Learn about how to deploy Palette Edge on virtual Edge hosts."
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_position: 0
tags: ["edge"]
---

Palette Edge supports deployment to Virtual Machines (VM). You can install Palette Edge on a VM, register it with
Palette and deploy clusters on it just like a physical Edge host. This allows you to simulate your deployment operation
before devoting physical resources.

In addition, thanks to the flexibility of virtual environments, deployment to VMs can also be a way of learning how to

> work with Palette Edge. Checkout the [Deploy an Edge Cluster on VMware](./deploy-cluster.md) tutorial, which guides you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
work with Palette Edge. Check out the [Deploy an Edge Cluster on VMware](./deploy-cluster.md) tutorial, which guides you
```
